docs/index.md, before:

# ARISE course title 

[add-bioschemas file='_data/metadata.yaml']

## Authors

[cards class_name="authors" cols="3"(./docs/assets/cards/author_cards.yaml)]

Greek Mythology icons made by [max.icons](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/maxicons) from [www.flaticon.com](https://www.flaticon.com)

## Lesson overview

!!! overview ""
    :fontawesome-regular-bookmark: **Description**  
    Add a short description of the training materail should be inserted here. 
    
    </br>
    
    :fontawesome-solid-arrow-left: **Prerequisites**  
    To be able to follow this course, learners should have knowledge in:  
    &emsp;1. First requirement  
    &emsp;2. Second requirement  
    
    </br>
    
    :fontawesome-solid-arrow-right: **Learning Outcomes:**  
    By the end of the course, learners will be able to:  
    &emsp;1. First item  
    &emsp;2. Second item  
    
    </br>
    
    :fontawesome-solid-users: **Target Audience:**  
    By the end of the course, learners will be able to:  
    &emsp;1. self-paced learning: core facility staff, Researchers aiming for careers in research infrastructures, PostDocs, technology developers, undergraduate students, postgraduate students, etc...  
    &emsp;2. trainers of the courses for training of above listed groupes 
    

    </br>
    
    :fontawesome-solid-stairs: **Level:** Beginner/Intermediate/Advanced  
    
    :fontawesome-solid-lock: **License:** [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)  
    
    :fontawesome-solid-money-bill-1: **Funding:** ARISE2 project has received funding from the European Union’s Horizon Europe’s research and innovation programme under the Marie Skłodowska-Curie COFUND, grant agreement No. 101178241. .  

    [comment]: # (Property in Bioschema: description)
    [comment]: # (Property in Bioschema: coursePrequsites)
    [comment]: # (Property in Bioschema: teaches)
    [comment]: # (Property in Bioschema: audience)
    [comment]: # (Property in Bioschema: educationalLevel)
    [comment]: # (Property in Biochema: licence)
    [comment]: # (This is an example for CONVERGE)

#### Contributors

[cards class_name="contributors" cols="6"(./docs/assets/cards/contributor_cards.yaml)]
Greek Mythology icons made by [max.icons](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/maxicons) from [www.flaticon.com](www.flaticon.com)

---
## Citing this lesson

Please cite as:

  1. Authors. (year). Title of the course. Zenodo. DOI.
  2. e.g. Geert van Geest, Elin Kronander, Jose Alejandro Romero Herrera, Nadja Žlender, & Alexia Cardona. (2023). The ELIXIR Training Lesson Template - Developing Training Together (v1.0.0-alpha). Zenodo. https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7913092. 

---

Commit message:

Update target audience section in index.md
Clarify target audience and learning objectives.

docs/index.md, after:

# ARISE course title 

[add-bioschemas file='_data/metadata.yaml']

## Authors

[cards class_name="authors" cols="3"(./docs/assets/cards/author_cards.yaml)]

Greek Mythology icons made by [max.icons](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/maxicons) from [www.flaticon.com](https://www.flaticon.com)

## Lesson overview

!!! overview ""
    :fontawesome-regular-bookmark: **Description**  
    Add a short description of the training materail should be inserted here. 
    
    </br>
    
    :fontawesome-solid-arrow-left: **Prerequisites**  
    To be able to follow this course, learners should have knowledge in:  
    &emsp;1. First requirement  
    &emsp;2. Second requirement  
    
    </br>
    
    :fontawesome-solid-arrow-right: **Learning Outcomes:**  
    By the end of the course, learners will be able to:  
    &emsp;1. First item  
    &emsp;2. Second item  
    
    </br>
    
    :fontawesome-solid-users: **Target Audience:**  
    1. for self paced learning
    2. for trainers: using it for training
    3. for community: using it to collect the knowledge in one place. 
    &emsp;1. self-paced learning: core facility staff, Researchers aiming for careers in research infrastructures, PostDocs, technology developers, undergraduate students, postgraduate students, etc...  
    &emsp;2. trainers of the courses for training of above listed groupes 
    

    </br>
    
    :fontawesome-solid-stairs: **Level:** Beginner/Intermediate/Advanced  
    
    :fontawesome-solid-lock: **License:** [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)  
    
    :fontawesome-solid-money-bill-1: **Funding:** ARISE2 project has received funding from the European Union’s Horizon Europe’s research and innovation programme under the Marie Skłodowska-Curie COFUND, grant agreement No. 101178241. .  

    [comment]: # (Property in Bioschema: description)
    [comment]: # (Property in Bioschema: coursePrequsites)
    [comment]: # (Property in Bioschema: teaches)
    [comment]: # (Property in Bioschema: audience)
    [comment]: # (Property in Bioschema: educationalLevel)
    [comment]: # (Property in Biochema: licence)
    [comment]: # (This is an example for CONVERGE)

#### Contributors

[cards class_name="contributors" cols="6"(./docs/assets/cards/contributor_cards.yaml)]
Greek Mythology icons made by [max.icons](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/maxicons) from [www.flaticon.com](www.flaticon.com)

---
## Citing this lesson

Please cite as:

  1. Authors. (year). Title of the course. Zenodo. DOI.
  2. e.g. Geert van Geest, Elin Kronander, Jose Alejandro Romero Herrera, Nadja Žlender, & Alexia Cardona. (2023). The ELIXIR Training Lesson Template - Developing Training Together (v1.0.0-alpha). Zenodo. https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7913092. 

---
